Collection Framework
It is predefined structure of different classes and interfaces.
It is group of classes and interfaces together where we use their functionality to create our internal implementation or business logic. 
Collection is the root interface.

Array List : 
  It is a class which implements list interface.
  Size is growable.
  It supports different data types.
  It contains methods.
  Easy for retrieval operations.
  Default capacity of Arraylist is 10.
  In array list we can store user defined data types.
  
Linked List(Implements  List) : 
  It is a class which implements list interface.
  Internally it uses double linked list.
  Size is growable.
  It supports different data types.
  It contains methods.
  Easy for insertion and deletion operations.
  
Vector :
   It is a class which implements list interface.
   It is legacy class(not recommended to use).
   It is synchronized(thread safe).
   Size grows double when it reaches it’s threshold value.
   Default capacity of Vector is 10.
   
Stack : 
   Stack is First In Last Out(FILO).
   Stack methods are push(), pop(), search(), clear().
   Default capacity of Stack is 10.
   
Hash Set
   It is a class which implements set interface.
   It doesn’t allow to store duplicates.
   It stores and retrieves elements in random order.
   Default capacity of hash set is 16.
   
Tree Set
   It is a class which implements set interface.
   It doesn’t allow to store duplicates.
   It stores and retrieves elements in ascending order.
   Default capacity of tree set is 16.
   
Linked Hash Set
   Linked Hash set is used to maintain the insertion order.
   Default capacity of linked hash set is 16.
   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
   
Retrieval of elements from collection framework using Iterator, List iterator and Enumeration interfaces.

Iterator : 
  It is used to retrieve elements in forward direction only.
  We cannot add elements using iterator.
List Iterator :
   It is used to retrieve elements in both forward and reverse direction. 
   We can add elements using iterator.
Enumeration
   It is legacy interface(not recommended to use).
   It is synchronized(thread safe).
   It is only used with legacy classes.
  